yeah mactastic got from data doctors
here with Hulk Hogan by the way Mac and
gaydos eat your heart out not you Matt
gatos you your this is your boy right
here anyway first before we start
talking about the game home oh tell me
oh yeah what brother mactastic what's
going on with game you tell me about my
game what do you know about Hulk Hogan
man boobs are packs obviously I I can do
that too wait a minute so i'll put on a
Rustler oh I'm too short oh you're not
you're perfect name one Jewish wrestler
Goldberg and osborn it's a law firm bill
goldberg the greatest wrestler of all
times is Jewish and every time he got
body slam toy sec know about it that's
not nice you know you can't say about
about my friend okay chair to the head
huh so no I want to know tell this this
looks like you by the way by the way
Bill Goldberg is the second greatest
wrestler of all time who's the first
Andre the Giant ah oh I don't know I'm
sorry hope it's me I would have slammed
on my own game there now so tell me
about what you do in this video game
this is a pretty badass this game is
going to get you in shape yeah game is
going to turn him into a monster instead
of a bagel do what do I have to do I
have to wear the speedos you can wear
whatever you want you wear your pajamas
because all right night all you do is
roll out of bed turn the TV on turn your
xbox 360 I'm getting from your Kinect
night and you've got this area where you
can punch kick go crazy Heinz no more
fun play you know you got to really get
into this wrestling persona that you've
always dreamed about being me now only
always I always wanted to be on stead of
vicariously living
me you can be me I want to be you you
are me and you coach roll the damn
mustache and you I can't so um I give up
so I'm set up an out you coached me
through this right good so you coach me
through the game you're standing there
in the corner you're telling me what to
do I'm gonna be a little avatar in the
corner all right tell you what to do or
how to do it you're going to have tons
of moves to choose from and if you're
not that great of a Russell I call the
tombs of steel chair I'm a horrible
wrestler but you've got the rap that's
full of crap and you're gonna be awesome
all right all about Cruz mattoon now I'm
gonna body slam Hulk Hogan oh wait I got
to do it to you you can kick my ass out
like I thought you might every drawing
yeah so that's it mactastic i'm here
with Hulk Hogan I'm gonna go play this
too bad boy we don't even things out
well you end it then it goes like this
you maniacs this is the greatest
wrestler of all time in Hulk Hogan's
main event this is a Mac Mac Mac Mac
plastic the greatest wrestler ever to
play all Cougars main event so what
you're going to do when mactastic makes
a fist and runs wild on you